If we understand that emotions are energy and feelings are frequency, emotions is what our body is experiencing and feelings is what our brain and our mind assigns to what our body is going through. So two different things. Our emotions are uncontrollable. We cannot control how our body reacts to any situation, but what is controllable is the frequency and the thought that our mind assigns to what it is that our body is experiencing. Emotions is what our body does, feelings is what our mind thinks about what our body is doing. So two different things. Our emotions are uncontrollable. We cannot control how our body reacts to any situation, but what is controllable is the frequency and the thought that our mind assigns to what it is that our body is experiencing. Emotions is what our body does, feelings is what our mind thinks about what our body is doing. So in this scenario where you have a presentation or a game, maybe you might still feel exactly the same way. So what we're going to do is we're going to go ahead and we're anxiety or nervousness in your stomach, which are not necessarily bad things in and of themselves. But if you have assigned the thought process that when my palms are sweaty and my heart is beating and my stomach feels kind of funny, I assign the thought process of nervousness, but I'm in thinking about the nervousness, I'm making nerves a bad thing, then that is going to increase the energy in my body because my mind thinks that this is a bad thing. So this is how I teach our son. I tell him when you feel nerves, nerves aren't bad. Nerves just mean that you care. Nerves are normal. So when you experience your body reacting to the situation, you have a choice to dictate the frequency. Think about it like this. High energy and low frequency means I'm experiencing something that makes my body feel uncomfortable and I'm thinking about it in a destructive way. And it could be something super simple. Again, it might be a presentation that you have prepared for, but because you're so anxious and because you're so nervous and you thought about these things in a destructive way, it's going to only increase the energy. And let me tell you this, when emotions are high, rationale is low. Again, when the energy is high and your frequency is low, emotions are high, rationale is low. That means the decisions that you make out of having high energy and low frequency are going to be detrimental decisions, right? Are going to lead to detrimental behavior because we need to get our frequency high, even when our energy is high.